Add `testOnly` to filter running test suites (#1604)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/reference/scala-command/runner-specification.md

Fail if no test suites were run

**--test-only**

> Filter the tests suite to be run with a pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a glob pattern to filter the tests suite to be run.
```

Reviewer: And also in other place if possible
